Overview

Worth Getting?
Yes, if you want a meta support/farming class. However, Dragon of Time and Archfiend are also great options and require less time to get.

Uses
Best For: Farming & Support
Good For: Soloing

Enhancement
Wizard + Spiral Carve or Awe Blast
Enhancements guide

Requirements

Level 80

Rank 10 Evil

Legion Member

Dark Caster Class
Used to enter the map. If you haven't got one, buy Infinite Legion Dark Caster from /underworld for 2k LTs.

If Non-Mem: 50 Bone Dust
This is dropped by enemies at /battleunderb.

Recommended: Paragon Pet
Used to farm Legion Tokens in Fealty 3.

Recommended: Undead Damage-Boosting Item
Since so many enemies are Undead-tagged for these quests, it's highly recommended to have something that boosts damage against them, like Blinding Light of Destiny.

Fealty 1

Join /revenant and accept the "Legion Fealty 1" quest. You have to complete it 20 times. For it, you need:

Aeacus Empowered x50 (stacks to 100)
Defeat Ultra Aeacus at /revenant. You can also defeat him at /judgement, which has a population limit of 6. You'll need a good soloing class for this fight, like Legion DoomKnight or better.

Tethered Souls x300 (stacks to 500)
Defeat Forgotten Souls at /revenant (these enemies are untagged). You'll need a moderately defensive farming class. Use Infinite Legion Dark Caster or better. An alternative is using a strong soloing class, like Void Highlord. If you're in a group, Lord of Order + Chaos Slayer or Scarlet Sorceress works wonders.

Darkened Essence x500 (stacks to 600)
Defeat enemies at /shadowrealmpast (these enemies are untagged).

Dracolich Contract x1000 (stacks to 1000)
Defeat 5 Headed Dracolich at /necrodungeon. If there is no one at the boss to /goto, the directions are: get to the elevator > walk right to next elevator > enter the right door > walk right to next elevator > at the doom crawler, walk up into train > walk right to next elevator > enter right door and continue right. Use an item that boosts Undead damage.

In total, that's 37k kills.



You can also trade 1 Dage the Evil Insignia for 1 Revenant's Spellscroll at /ultradage. For more information on defeating Ultra Dage, click here. Fealty 1 and 3 are the best fealties to use this feature with as they take the longest and are the most tedious.

Fealty 2

Complete this quest 6 times. Use an item that boosts damage against Undead (like BLoD) to defeat the enemies in the following locations (each stack to 500):

Grim
/doomvault - select the bottom-centre button on the map and walk left 3 times. The room should have 4 enemies in it.

Ancient
/mummies​​

Pirate
/wrath - walk right 3 times.

Battleon
/doomwar - select 'Mythsong' then walk up.

Mirror
/overworld - walk right once as Mages have less HP.

Darkblood
/deathpits

Vampire
/maxius

Spirit
/curseshore

Dragon
/dragonbone - use something that boosts damage to Dragons here.

Doomwood
/doomwood - walk left > up > left.

In total, that's 30k kills.



You can also trade 1 Dage the Evil Insignia for 2 Conquest Wreaths at /ultradage. For more information on defeating Ultra Dage, click here. Fealty 1 and 3 are the best fealties to use this feature with as they take the longest and are the most tedious.

Fealty 3

Complete this quest 10 times. It doesn't have to be accepted to collect the following items:

Hooded Legion Cowl (doesn't stack)
Purchase from Dage's Legion Shop in /underworld for 500k Gold.

Legion Tokens x4000 (stacks to 25k)
Legion Tokens guide.

Dage's Favour x300 (stacks to 5000)
Defeat the Dreadfiend of Nulgath and Infernalfiends at /underworld - they're in the first room outside of the cave past Klunk. You could also defeat enemies at /evilwarnul if you want to get Diamonds of Nulgath at the same time from Diligas' quests, which require a Uni 13 to accept (this is slower).

Emblem of Dage (stacks to 500)
Complete "Legion Recruits: The Dark Path Waits" from Gresk at /shadowblast. You have to complete Gresk's previous quests first and have the Legion Round 4 Medal in your inventory. Complete this quest by going (from starting screen) up > right > right > right > up and defeat the enemies here. Most of the enemies in this map are not tagged as Undead so use any weapon.

Diamond Token of Dage x30 (stacks to 300)
Complete "Legion Loyalty Rewarded" from Gresk at /shadowblast. Use a Chaos-boosting weapon for this quest. Everything except for Defeat Makai does not stack. You'll need:

Defeated Makai x25 (stacks to 50)
Defeat Dark Makai at /tercessuinotlim or /nulgath if you're a member.

Carnax Eye
Defeat Carnax at /aqlesson.

Kathool Tentacle
Defeat Kathool at /deepchaos (join from /museum - requires near completion of Iadoa's 13LoC chapter).

Red Dragon's Fang
Defeat Red Dragon at /lair (join from /underlair by going left).

Fluffy's Bones
Defeat Fluffy the Dracolich at /dflesson.

Blood Titan's Blade
Defeat Blood Titan at /bloodtitan.

Dark Token x100 (stacks to 600)
Defeat Seraphic Soldiers at /seraphicwardage. Turn in the quests at the top-right occasionally and use an item that boosts damage to Humans. Requires completing Laken's quests at /worldsoul.

In total, that's 5m Gold, 40k LTs, 3k Dage's Favours, 10 Emblems of Dage, 300 Diamond Tokens of Dage, and 1000 Dark Tokens.



You can also trade 1 Dage the Evil Insignia for 1 Exalted Crown at /ultradage. For more information on defeating Ultra Dage, click here. Fealty 1 and 3 are the best fealties to use this feature with as they take the longest and are the most tedious.

Fealty 4

Turn in the Spellscrolls, Wreaths, and Crowns that you've collected from the previous Fealties.