Requirements

This class is pretty simple to obtain, can be done within 3-4 hours with prerequisites completed. 6 hours without. To start farming for this class you will need:

Level 80
Completion of the Rumbling of Cold Thunder saga
Rank 10 in the Good and Swordhaven factions
Alden's Liberation Armor
”The Storm Queen”
Questline begins at /Terminatemple and you should find Victoria towards the right.

”Familial Blessing”

Click on Tara on screen 1
”Echo of the King”

Requires you to have each of the items below. You can go to victoria for a quest for each of these items.
Alteon's Reforged Armor
King Alteon's Crown
Royal Dragon Sword
Alden's Mace
”The Path to the King” - Sword Quest at /portal
Endured Against the Defiler 100x

From fighting the Destructive Defiler at /Infernalarena, drops 1x per kill
If you’re mem, 

fighting Graveclaw at /gravechallenge will drop 10x per kill
Endured Against the Monster King 90x

Fight dethrix at /ebondungeon
Endured Against a Fallen Friend 100x

Fight Ultrasepulchure at /sepulchurebattle
Endured Against Chaos 113x

Fight Ultra Chaos Warlord at /chaosboss
Endured Against the Great Dragon 70x

Fight against big dragon at end at /naoisegrave

”Purify the Crown” - Crown Quest at /cleric
Trace of Chaos 13x

Fight drakath at /ultradrakath for it, low drop rate
Merge for it at /championdrakath using 5x Drakath Insignia
Whispers of Chaos 40x

Fight Ultra Dreadhaven General at /ultradread
Use Chaos Slayer, buffed against chaos monsters and pretty good
Alternatively, fight Slugwrath at /dreadhaven
Calcified Tear 60x

Fight the QoM at /transformation for a chance to get the tears
Alternatively fight at /queenbattle for a 100% drop

”The King’s Armour”
Gold Voucher 500k 100x
Yes 50m Gold, farm at /sevencircleswar if f2p
Otherwise farm at /lichwar if mem
Or Leery Exchange
Dwarven Gold 30x
Farm this from dwarves at /thelimacity

Atlas Gold 75x
Head to /atlasfalls and bully King zedek for a guaranteed drop
Otherwise just defeat his lions if it’s difficult
Skye Gold 50x

Head to /queeniona and kill her 25 times
Pretty sure one of the cold thunder maps you can farm for this, just that since wiki didn’t update it yet I cannot confirm locations etc. I only did the iona challenge fight.
Camlan Gold 120x
Defeat the two elve minibosses near the end at /camlan

For Alden's Mace you can easily grab it at /castle, enter throne room, then turn right. It should be on the wall. No quest required. Anyway now you should be able to complete the quest for the class. GG